samples: watchdog (#11)
NordicSemiconductor/npmx-zephyr: samples/timer_watchdog/README.rst

> .. _watchdog_sample:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _timer_watchdog_sample:
```

Watchdog Timer
##############

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The Watchdog Timer sample demonstrates how to configure a PMIC TIMER peripheral in the Watchdog Timer mode with the use of npmx drivers.

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

The sample also requires an nPM1300 EK.

Overview
********

This sample uses the Timer driver to do the following:

>   * Enter and configure the TIMER periphery in the Watchdog Timer mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Enter and configure the TIMER peripheral in the Watchdog Timer mode.
```

  * Register a handler to be called when the WATCHDOG event occurs.

>   * Kick the watchdog in a loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Kick the watchdog in a loop, until a character is sent using console.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Kick the watchdog in a loop until any keyboard button is pressed.
```

> The TIMER peripheral is configured to generate a watchdog warning interrupt ~500 ms after the user's interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TIMER peripheral is configured to generate a watchdog warning interrupt ~500 ms after the character is sent.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The TIMER peripheral is configured to generate a watchdog warning interrupt ~500 ms after any keyboard button is pressed.
```

     * - GPIO1
       - P1.11
       - P1.11
     * - SDA
       - P1.02
       - P0.26
     * - SCL
       - P1.03
       - P0.27
     * - VOUT2 & GND
       - External supply (P21)
       - External supply (P21)

#. Make the following connections on the nPM1300 EK:

   * Connect a USB power supply to the **J3** connector.
   * Connect a suitable battery to the **J2** connector.
   * On the **P18** pin header, connect **VOUT2** and **VDDIO** pins with a jumper.
   * On the **P2** pin header, connect **VBAT** and **VBATIN** pins with a jumper.
   * On the **P17** pin header, connect all LEDs with jumpers.
   * On the **P13** pin header, connect **RSET1** and **GND** pins with a jumper.
   * On the **P14** pin header, connect **RSET2** and **VSET2** pins with a jumper.

#. Make the following connections on the chosen DK:

   * Set the **SW9** nRF power source switch to **VDD**.
   * Set the **SW10** VEXT → nRF switch to **ON**.

Configuration
*************

|config|

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/watchdog`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

Testing
=======

|test_sample|

#. |connect_kit|
#. |connect_terminal|

> #. Press any button on the console to stop kicking the watchdog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Press any keyboard button to stop kicking the watchdog.
```

> The watchdog callback should be generated after ~500 ms, and the pin reset should be switched to LOW in the next 16 ms.

Reviewer: Does that cause a PMIC reset? If yes, please add it here.

       - P1.10
       - P1.10
     * - GPIO1
       - P1.11
       - P1.11
     * - SDA
       - P1.02
       - P0.26
     * - SCL
       - P1.03
       - P0.27
     * - VOUT2 & GND
       - External supply (P21)
       - External supply (P21)

#. Make the following connections on the nPM1300 EK:

   * Connect a USB power supply to the **J3** connector.
   * Connect a suitable battery to the **J2** connector.
   * On the **P18** pin header, connect **VOUT2** and **VDDIO** pins with a jumper.
   * On the **P2** pin header, connect **VBAT** and **VBATIN** pins with a jumper.
   * On the **P17** pin header, connect all LEDs with jumpers.
   * On the **P13** pin header, connect **RSET1** and **GND** pins with a jumper.
   * On the **P14** pin header, connect **RSET2** and **VSET2** pins with a jumper.

#. Make the following connections on the chosen DK:

   * Set the **SW9** nRF power source switch to **VDD**.
   * Set the **SW10** VEXT → nRF switch to **ON**.

Configuration
*************

Check and configure the following sample-specific Kconfig options to specify which testcase you want to run:

.. _CONFIG_TESTCASE_WATCHDOG_MODE_WARNING:

CONFIG_TESTCASE_WATCHDOG_MODE_WARNING

>   This sample configuration enables the watchdog in warning mode.
>   An interrupt is signaled on GPIO0. After next 16 ms, GPIO1 is set to 0.0 V.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This sample configuration enables the warning mode for the watchdog.
  An interrupt is signaled on the **GPIO0** pin.
  16 ms after signaling, the **GPIO1** pin is set to 0.0 V.
```

.. _CONFIG_TESTCASE_WATCHDOG_MODE_RESET:

CONFIG_TESTCASE_WATCHDOG_MODE_RESET

>   This sample configuration enables the watchdog in reset mode.
>   An interrupt is signaled on GPIO0. The GPIO1 is set to 0.0 V immediately and the PMIC is restarted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This sample configuration enables the reset mode for the watchdog.
  An interrupt is signaled on the **GPIO0** pin.
  The **GPIO1** pin is set to 0.0 V immediately, and the PMIC is restarted.
```

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/watchdog`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

Testing
=======

|test_sample|

#. |connect_kit|
#. |connect_terminal|

> #. Connect the logic analyzer to the GPIO0 and the GPIO1 and observe lines state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Connect a logic analyzer first to the **GPIO0** pin and then to the **GPIO1** one, and observe the lines state.
```

#. Press any keyboard button to stop kicking the watchdog.

The watchdog callback should be generated after ~500 ms.

> For `CONFIG_TESTCASE_WATCHDOG_MODE_WARNING`_ GPIO1 should be set to 0.0 V within 16 ms after signaling the interrupt on the GPIO0.
> For `CONFIG_TESTCASE_WATCHDOG_MODE_RESET`_ GPIO1 should be set to 0.0 V immediately after signaling the interrupt on the GPIO0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For `CONFIG_TESTCASE_WATCHDOG_MODE_WARNING`_, the **GPIO1** pin should be set to 0.0 V within 16 ms after signaling the interrupt on the **GPIO0** pin.
For `CONFIG_TESTCASE_WATCHDOG_MODE_RESET`_, the **GPIO1** pin should be set to 0.0 V immediately after signaling the interrupt on the **GPIO0** pin.
```
